Answer 1 :
Bottom up integration testing starts with the integration of the lowest modules.
In this case the drivers are used for the upper modules so that testing happens. When the codes for the upper modules are developed 
the drivers are replaced with the actual module.
Advantages :
1. Test conditions are very to define
2. Starting from the botton ensure that the major defects are captured early
3. if the low level mdoules and their related functions are refer by other modules then it is beneficial to test them first.

Disadvantages :
1. Tester has to wait until the last module is added.
2. In this approach all the low level modules need to be developed first so that effective testing happens.
3. Drivers also needs to be developed which ofen end up in consuming time.

Answer 2 :
Modules to be tested in terms of priority:
Language : Main page should be displayed in User signed in language. Correct currency type as per the regoin should be displayed.
Billing and Payment module : Billing methods like COD, Credit card , debit cart, UPI, Gift voucher , coupon code etc should be tested
Main page : All the tabs and menu options like (Sign in, Shop now, Cart) are displayed correctly and according to requirements and design
(All the pages should be tested)
Sign In: User sign In is successful. The User account information(billing address and other user details) is displayed correctly.
Orders, Wishlist  : User Order page should reflect correct details and valid history.  Wishlist should display correct details
Items : Items are displayed according to correct category and perferences and popularity and user's wishlist. 
Main page contains various sections like Today's deals etc.
Cart module : User should be able to add, delete, modify the items in the cart.  Discounts or voucher or coupon code features 
should be tested
Order booking: Order is booked correctly and updated after the shipment.
Post -order placement :Tracking order until recieved.
Cancellation: Cancel order before recieve and process refund.
RE-placement : Replacing or requesting a refund


Answer 3 :
Yes I have performed API testing using SOAP UI. 
API are RESTful and SOAP
Following are the steps in testing an API:
1. The URI path should be specified in the URI edi box.
2. Click Run button to get the response. The response should be in JSON or XML
3. Create new Test case and create assertion statement to verify the output.


API test availability: 
For the test case  API should be declared at the start
We need to set up the test environment with certain set of parameters.
Lastly the function calls to API needs to prioritize

404 Error is related to missing webpage or URL.
503 error response is displayed when there is no reponse from SERVER. This might be due to SERVER not able to process the request.
(Due to maintainence or overloading)
